SHOULD NOT include platform delay in ack delay (#2786)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

## Measuring and Reporting Host Delay {#host-delay}

> An endpoint measures the intentional delay between when a ACK-eliciting packet

Reviewer: _an_ ACK-eliciting packet?

> An endpoint measures the intentional delay between when an ACK-eliciting packet

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An endpoint measures the delays intentionally added between when an ACK-eliciting packet
```

(This blows out the line length.)

is received and the corresponding acknowledgment is sent. The endpoint encodes
this delay for the largest acknowledged packet in the Ack Delay field of an ACK
frame (see Section 19.3 of {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}).  This allows the receiver of the
ACK to adjust for any intentional delays, which is important for delayed
acknowledgements, when estimating the path RTT.  A packet might be held in the
OS kernel or elsewhere on the host before being processed.  An endpoint
SHOULD NOT include these delays when populating the Ack Delay field in an ACK

> frame.

Reviewer: Do we need to state something like "unless the delay is controlled by the stack"?

I ask this, because I'd assume that the delay should be taken into account even if it is introduced by the kernel or elsewhere, if it is "intentional" by the stack.

Author: I added the word "unintentional" to clarify your point.  Does that work?

Reviewer: Thank you! LGTM.
